[KeyVault] apiVersion documentation (#9656)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/keyvault/keyvault-keys/README.md

const client = new KeyClient(url, credential);
```

## Specifying the Azure Key Vault service API version

> Our Key Vault Keys client currently only supports the Azure Key Vault service versions `7.0` and `7.1-preview`, which we specify as part of the options that can be passed through the constructor. The latest supported API version is `7.1-preview`, which is available as the `LATEST_API_VERSION` export. A use case example follows:

Reviewer: RBAC and Backup are supported in `7.2-preview`. Did you intend to only mention `7.1-preview`?

Author: Thank you Chris!

RBAC and Backup/Restore will be in a separate client. I would like to add 7.2-preview support for keys, secrets and certificates in a separate PR. I believe I need to re-generate the swagger code, is that correct?

> Our Key Vault Keys client currently only supports the Azure Key Vault service versions `7.0` and `7.1-preview`, which we specify as part of the options that can be passed through the constructor. The latest supported API version is `7.1-preview`, which is available as the `LATEST_API_VERSION` export. A use case example follows:

Reviewer 2: > The latest supported API version is `7.1-preview`, which is available as the `LATEST_API_VERSION` export. 

The versioning scheme used between 7.0 and 7.1-preview makes it clear as to which is the latest one.

The `LATEST_API_VERSION` is useful to the user if they ever wanted to know which is the latest api version. They can console.log it or inspect it.
But, since the default is always the latest version, there is no reason for the user to actually use this in production.

I would recommend removing this part in favor of brevity

```suggestion
By default, this package uses the latest Azure Key Vault service version which is `7.1-preview`. The only other version that is supported is `7.0`. You can change the service version being used by setting the option `apiVersion` in the client constructor as shown below:
```

When we have more than 2 versions being supported, this can be easily modified to "The other versions that are supported are..."

Author: Sounds good! Thank you!

```typescript

> const { DefaultAzureCredential } = require("@azure/identity");
> const { KeyClient, LATEST_API_VERSION } = require("@azure/keyvault-keys");
> 
> const credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
> 
> const vaultName = "<YOUR KEYVAULT NAME>";
> const url = `https://${vaultName}.vault.azure.net`;
> 
> // Users can specify an Azure Key Vault service API version.
> // Here we're setting it to undefined so that we can show how we're using the LATEST_API_VERSION export
> const apiVersion: string | undefined = undefined;
> 
> const client = new KeyClient(url, credential, {
>   // Internally we default to the LATEST_API_VERSION export, just like how we're doing here:
>   apiVersion: apiVersion || LATEST_API_VERSION
> });

Reviewer 2: As a continuation from https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9656/files#r445215046, I would recommend not referring to LATEST_API_VERSION at all

```suggestion
const { DefaultAzureCredential } = require("@azure/identity");
const { KeyClient } = require("@azure/keyvault-keys");

const credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();

const vaultName = "<YOUR KEYVAULT NAME>";
const url = `https://${vaultName}.vault.azure.net`;

// Change the Azure Key Vault service API version being used via the `apiVersion` option
const client = new KeyClient(url, credential, {
  apiVersion: "7.0"
});
```

Author: Heard loud and clear! Thank you ✨
